when Mordecai learned all that had
when Mordecai learned all that had happened he tore his clothes and put on
happened he tore his clothes and put on
happened he tore his clothes and put on sackcloth and ashes and went out into
sackcloth and ashes and went out into
sackcloth and ashes and went out into the midst of the city he cried out with
the midst of the city he cried out with
the midst of the city he cried out with a loud and bitter cry he went as far as
a loud and bitter cry he went as far as
a loud and bitter cry he went as far as the front of the Kings gate for no one
the front of the Kings gate for no one
the front of the Kings gate for no one might enter the Kings gate clothed with
might enter the Kings gate clothed with
might enter the Kings gate clothed with Sat LOF and in every province where the
Sat LOF and in every province where the
Sat LOF and in every province where the king's command and decree arrived there
king's command and decree arrived there
king's command and decree arrived there was great mourning among the Jews with
was great mourning among the Jews with
was great mourning among the Jews with fasting weeping and wailing and many lay
fasting weeping and wailing and many lay
fasting weeping and wailing and many lay in sackcloth and ashes
in sackcloth and ashes
in sackcloth and ashes so Esther's maids and eunuchs came and
so Esther's maids and eunuchs came and
so Esther's maids and eunuchs came and told her and the Queen was deeply
told her and the Queen was deeply
told her and the Queen was deeply distressed
then she sent garments to clothe
then she sent garments to clothe Mordecai and take his sackcloth away
Mordecai and take his sackcloth away
Mordecai and take his sackcloth away from him but he would not accept them
from him but he would not accept them
from him but he would not accept them then Esther called hey FAQ one of the
then Esther called hey FAQ one of the
then Esther called hey FAQ one of the Kings eunuchs whom he had appointed to
Kings eunuchs whom he had appointed to
Kings eunuchs whom he had appointed to attend her and she gave him a command
attend her and she gave him a command
attend her and she gave him a command concerning Mordecai to learn what and
concerning Mordecai to learn what and
concerning Mordecai to learn what and why this was so hey that went out to
why this was so hey that went out to
why this was so hey that went out to Mordecai in the City Square that was in
Mordecai in the City Square that was in
Mordecai in the City Square that was in front of the Kings gate and Mordecai
front of the Kings gate and Mordecai
front of the Kings gate and Mordecai told him all that had happened to him
told him all that had happened to him
told him all that had happened to him and the sum of money that Haman had
and the sum of money that Haman had
and the sum of money that Haman had promised to pay into the Kings
promised to pay into the Kings
promised to pay into the Kings Treasuries to destroy the Jews he also
Treasuries to destroy the Jews he also
Treasuries to destroy the Jews he also gave him a copy of the written decree
gave him a copy of the written decree
gave him a copy of the written decree for their destruction which was given at
for their destruction which was given at
for their destruction which was given at xuxa that he might show it to Esther and
xuxa that he might show it to Esther and
xuxa that he might show it to Esther and explain it to her and that he might
explain it to her and that he might
explain it to her and that he might command her to go into the King to make
command her to go into the King to make
command her to go into the King to make supplication to him and plead before him
supplication to him and plead before him
supplication to him and plead before him for her people
so hey that returned and told Esther the
so hey that returned and told Esther the words of Mordecai then Esther spoke to
words of Mordecai then Esther spoke to
words of Mordecai then Esther spoke to Heath AK and gave him a command for
Heath AK and gave him a command for
Heath AK and gave him a command for Mordecai all the king's servants and the
Mordecai all the king's servants and the
Mordecai all the king's servants and the people of the king's provinces know that
people of the king's provinces know that
people of the king's provinces know that any man or woman who goes into the inner
any man or woman who goes into the inner
any man or woman who goes into the inner court to the king who has not been
court to the king who has not been
court to the king who has not been called he has but one law put all to
called he has but one law put all to
called he has but one law put all to death except the one to whom the King
death except the one to whom the King
death except the one to whom the King holds out the golden scepter that him he
holds out the golden scepter that him he
holds out the golden scepter that him he live yet I myself have not been called
live yet I myself have not been called
live yet I myself have not been called to go into the king these thirty days so
to go into the king these thirty days so
to go into the king these thirty days so they told Mordecai Esther's words and
they told Mordecai Esther's words and
they told Mordecai Esther's words and Mordecai told them to answer Esther do
Mordecai told them to answer Esther do
Mordecai told them to answer Esther do not think in your heart that you will
not think in your heart that you will
not think in your heart that you will escape in the king's palace any more
escape in the king's palace any more
escape in the king's palace any more than all the other Jews for if you
than all the other Jews for if you
than all the other Jews for if you remain completely silent at this time
remain completely silent at this time
remain completely silent at this time relief and deliverance will arise for
relief and deliverance will arise for
relief and deliverance will arise for the Jews from another place but you and
the Jews from another place but you and
the Jews from another place but you and your father's house will perish yet who
your father's house will perish yet who
your father's house will perish yet who knows whether you have come to the
knows whether you have come to the
knows whether you have come to the kingdom for such a time as this then
kingdom for such a time as this then
kingdom for such a time as this then Esther told them to reply to Mordecai go
Esther told them to reply to Mordecai go
Esther told them to reply to Mordecai go gather all the Jews who are present in
gather all the Jews who are present in
gather all the Jews who are present in Shushan and fast for me neither eat nor
Shushan and fast for me neither eat nor
Shushan and fast for me neither eat nor drink for three days night or day my
drink for three days night or day my
drink for three days night or day my maids and I will fast likewise and so I
maids and I will fast likewise and so I
maids and I will fast likewise and so I will go to the King which is against the
will go to the King which is against the
will go to the King which is against the law and if I perish I perish
law and if I perish I perish
law and if I perish I perish [Music]
so Mordechai went his way and did
so Mordechai went his way and did according to all that Esther commanded
according to all that Esther commanded
according to all that Esther commanded him